# Byi-on-PT
If this triggered you don't attack me!!
 - First thing, I don't really like ScaraMona (DNI for this one), ScaraLumi (I hate All x Traveller), DottoScara, LyScara, CyScara, ScaraRina, ScaraKoko,... please put that in mind. But I respect it, I hope if you ship them you should be respecting the ships I love. The exceptions are that you also ship my Scara ships, or ships Scara with no one, love these rare people.
 - Please interact with me I'm always so lonely because most of my friends go offline or quitted. We can talk about something that is not about ships which I HATE talking about that, even if we have the same interests in ships. Cuddling + hiding with me is okay, I DON'T MIND if your skin is Mona or Lumine/Aether,.. Because I'm really happy to have someone with me!
 - Roleplaying is okay! I enjoy it pretty much idk, just don't get others cringed because I'm gonna get embarrassed... :<
 - Don't chat publicly in the game to me (If we haven't met) . Because I would mostly afk and lose your messages. So whisper to me! I will 100% respond to you unless you're saying weird ass things. If I'm away from keyboard that means I'm at school or something like that, so it might take a while for me to respond.
 - I'm not going to avoid you just because you ships the ships that I don't like ;3, ofc if you respect me back. I will try my best to hold the converstations, and will try my best to end if we're in a fight... I hate fighting over stupid things that we both will live ><.
 - Please I don't wanna talk with anger issues people,.. I'm scared of angry people. Because I might say things that triggered you
 - Oh and my favourite ships if you want to know..!! - ChiScara, ScaraKz.. pls don't explode my house, my comf ship :3 and I swear I'm not the weird ass shippers.. I hate the shipdom. HaiKaveh, XingYun, JeanLuc/JeanLisa but I love JeanLisa more, CyNari, Zhongchi,.. All KNY canon ships, CRK: SeaMoon, VampMint. Some ships that I don't mention means I'm fine with it, just not my favourites! (Not the problematics ones). I'm fine with HeiScara, the rest of Scara ships are a no.
 - One more thing that I'm 16, if you're under 13 then erm its alright? I won't say anything stupid, but best to just stay away from me. (except my sister Mizu! ><)
 - I don't hide people, I only hide them for few minutes ^^!
